Document logs support (#7702)
DataDog/integrations-core: teamcity/README.md

[Restart the Agent][6] to start collecting and sending Teamcity events to Datadog.

##### Log collection

1. Configure Teamcity [logs settings][11].

2. By default, Datadog's integration pipeline supports the following kind of log format:

   ```text
   [2020-09-10 21:21:37,486]   INFO -  jetbrains.buildServer.STARTUP - Current stage: System is ready
   ```

   Clone and edit the [integration pipeline][12] if you defined different conversion [patterns][13].

3. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

   ```yaml
   logs_enabled: true
   ```

> 4. Add the following configuration block to your `teamcity.d/conf.yaml` file. Change the `path` parameter value based on your environment. See the [sample teamcity.d/conf.yaml][5] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Uncomment the following configuration block in your `teamcity.d/conf.yaml` file. Change the `path` parameter value based on your environment. See the [sample teamcity.d/conf.yaml][5] for all available configuration options.
```

[Restart the Agent][6] to start collecting and sending Teamcity events to Datadog.

##### Log collection

> 1. Configure Teamcity [logging settings][11].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Configure Teamcity [logs settings][11].
```

2. By default, Datadog's integration pipeline supports the following kind of log format:

   ```text
   [2020-09-10 21:21:37,486]   INFO -  jetbrains.buildServer.STARTUP - Current stage: System is ready
   ```

   Clone and edit the [integration pipeline][12] if you defined different conversion [patterns][13].

3. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

   ```yaml
   logs_enabled: true
   ```

> 4. Add the following configuration block to your `teamcity.d/conf.yaml` file. Change the `path` and `service` parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample teamcity.d/conf.yaml][5] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add the following configuration block to your `teamcity.d/conf.yaml` file. Change the `path` parameter value based on your environment. See the [sample teamcity.d/conf.yaml][5] for all available configuration options.
```

drop service field?

   ```yaml

>    logs:
>      - type: file
>        path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-server.log
>        source: teamcity
>        service: <SERVICE>
>      - type: file
>        path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-activities.log
>        source: teamcity
>        service: <SERVICE>
>      - type: file
>        path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-vcs.log
>        source: teamcity
>        service: <SERVICE>
>      - type: file
>        path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-cleanup.log
>        source: teamcity
>        service: <SERVICE>
>      - type: file
>        path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-notifications.log
>        source: teamcity
>        service: <SERVICE>
>      - type: file
>        path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-ws.log
>        source: teamcity
>        service: <SERVICE>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   logs:
     - type: file
       path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-server.log
       source: teamcity
     - type: file
       path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-activities.log
       source: teamcity
     - type: file
       path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-vcs.log
       source: teamcity
     - type: file
       path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-cleanup.log
       source: teamcity
     - type: file
       path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-notifications.log
       source: teamcity
     - type: file
       path: /opt/teamcity/logs/teamcity-ws.log
       source: teamcity
```

also drop service here

| `<INIT_CONFIG>`      | blank or `{}`                                                                                     |
| `<INSTANCE_CONFIG>`  | `{"name": "<BUILD_NAME>", "server":"%%host%%", "build_configuration":"<BUILD_CONFIGURATION_ID>"}` |

##### Log collection

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see [Kubernetes log collection][10].

| Parameter      | Value                                                |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |

> | `<LOG_CONFIG>` | `{"source": "teamcity", "service": "<SERVICE_NAME>"}` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `<LOG_CONFIG>` | `{"source": "teamcity"}` |
```
